I have two older brothers so growing up
I always used to like want to do
everything that they did and so I kind
of started playing soccer I think when I
was around five and just kind of stuck
with it I played basketball for a little
bit it wasn't very good
so then I ended up quitting in high
school but I played co-ed for soccer I
played up levels for soccer I just did
everything sex I just think I played so
much through high school and junior high
and as a kid that I couldn't imagine not
doing it I don't know what I would do
with my free time I'd probably end up
playing intramurals if I didn't play in
college anyways we have a really young
team still I mean it was young when I
came as a freshman but I think we're
really starting progress and hold onto
tests that we were learning when I was
younger I just think this year all
pieces are finally falling together
everything's falling into place and
everything is starting to look really
good
coming out in the beginning I mean we
lost our first two games but we still
came up and played and played hard and
we worked peening the word before like
it wasn't so much of a competition we
were trying we're always chasing the
game and now I feel like we're starting
actually bleeding people are chasing us
our team has a very much family
environment everyone gets along really
well we always joke around in practices
we always have inside jokes we hang out
outside of soccer who hang out during
practices it's more than just like hey I
played with this person they're my
teammate I feel like they're like a
lifelong friend now I'm sharing
experiences with them that I haven't
shared with a lot of people we laugh
together we cry together we fight all
the time but we get over it and we move
on we try to get better every day
you